c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\taskRubicondoo.dll.config
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\taskRubicondoo.dll
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\taskRubicondoo.pdb
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\obj\Debug\taskRubicondoo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\obj\Debug\taskRubicondoo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\obj\Debug\taskRubicondoo.dll
c:\users\seadordagić\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\obj\Debug\taskRubicondoo.pdb
C:\Users\SeadOrdagić\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\SeadOrdagić\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\SeadOrdagić\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\SeadOrdagić\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\taskRubicondoo\taskRubicondoo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
